This file serves as a template for standard answers which can
be used on the mailing list. This might help avoid rude answers
to some special users.

General
-------
You do not receive a proper reply from us, because:
( ) It looks like you haven't read the docs yet
( ) Your bug report is incomplete or not a bug at all
( ) Your feature request is not specified in enough detail
( ) You are violating our list etiquette
( ) We are just in a bad mood

To avoid further problems on this list, please read the appropriate
documentation first:

The TortoiseSVN documentation is located here:
http://tortoisesvn.tigris.org/docs.html

Or you can read the help file on your own PC:
StartMenu->TortoiseSVN->Help

Please read our FAQ for answers to some common problems:
http://tortoisesvn.sourceforge.net/?q=node/1

Check these instructions if you want to report a bug:
http://tortoisesvn.tigris.org/reportbugs.html

Our rules for this list are found here:
http://tortoisesvn.tigris.org/list_etiquette.html



RTFM
----
This is a predefined answer to your question. You're getting this 
instead of a real answer to your question because it seems you 
haven't read the documentation yet.
Please read our docs and the FAQ first. If you then still have 
some questions, you can come back to the mailing list and ask 
again. But if you do, make sure you give as much detail about 
your problem as possible.
The docs are located here:
http://tortoisesvn.tigris.org/docs.html

The FAQ is located here:
http://tortoisesvn.sourceforge.net/?q=node/1


BUG
---
This is a predefined answer to your bugreport. You're getting this
because your bug report is incomplete, and we cannot tell whether
this is a real bug or simply user error.
Please read about how to report a bug here:
http://tortoisesvn.tigris.org/reportbugs.html
The documentation is located here:
http://tortoisesvn.tigris.org/docs.html

and most important our rules for the mailing list:
http://tortoisesvn.tigris.org/list_etiquette.html

If you're done reading that and you still think you've found a bug in
TortoiseSVN then please come back to this mailing list with as much
information as you can give us about the bug.


Etiquette
---------
This is a predefined answer to your mail. You get this because your mail
was written in an offensive tone which doesn't belong on this list.
There are some rules for people using this mailing list. Please read them 
carefully and of course try to follow those rules. Otherwise you might get 
unsubscribed from the list or your mails won't be moderated through anymore.
The rules are located here:
http://tortoisesvn.tigris.org/list_etiquette.html


Feature Request:
----------------
This is a predefined answer to your feature request. You're getting this
instead of a real answer because you wrote your request in a very demanding tone.
Requesting a feature should be written friendly, they're after all _requests_ 
and not demands. In an open source project you can't demand a feature. 
The developers don't get paid, they're spending their free time on this
project for free. You're using a free program, you don't pay anything for it.
So please behave civil and ask nicely for a new feature. Explain what you want,
and why you need it. If it makes sense for a majority of users your request will
make it on the todo list. Always keep in mind that we will fix bugs before we 
add new features.
To avoid further problems on this list, please read our rules for this list:
http://tortoisesvn.tigris.org/list_etiquette.html

Top Posting:
------------
A: Because it messes up the order in which people normally read text.
Q: Why is top-posting such a bad thing?
A: Top-posting.
Q: What is the most annoying thing on usenet and mailing lists?

CrashReport fixed:
------------------
Hi,
Thanks for sending the crashreport. We analyzed your crashreport and 
fixed the bug which caused the crash. You can now either wait for 
the next release or use the next nightly build. The link to the nightly
builds is on our download page.

CrashReport outdated:
---------------------
Hi,
Thanks for sending the crashreport, but please understand that we don't
have the time to analyze crashreports for old versions.
Please update to the latest released version. If the crash still occurs
with that release, you can send again a crashreport.

CrashReport library:
--------------------
Hi,
Thanks for sending the crashreport. We analyzed your crashreport, but
unfortunately the bug is not in TortoiseSVN itself but in one of the
libraries TortoiseSVN uses. We will discuss this with the developers
of that library and try to get this bug fixed.
